完善天空盒、全局雾相关 (#1953)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/concepts/scene/light/shadow.md

| :--- | :--- |
| **Enabled** | Whether to enable shadow effect |
| **Type** | Shadow type |

> | **Saturation**  | Set the shadow saturation, it is recommended to set as **1**. If need to reduce the saturation of the directional light shadows, we recommend to do it by increasing the ambient light instead of adjusting this value  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Saturation**  | Set the shadow saturation, it is recommended to set it as **1**. If it is necessary to reduce the saturation of the directional light shadows, it is recommended to do it by increasing the ambient light instead of adjusting this value  |
```

| :--- | :--- |
| **Enabled**         | Whether to enable the shadow effect. |
| **Type**            | Choose the shadow type. |

> | **Saturation**      | Set the shadow saturation, it is recommended to set as **1**. If need to reduce the saturation of the directional light shadows, we recommend to do it by increasing the ambient light instead of adjusting this value.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Saturation**      | Set the shadow saturation. It is recommended to set as **1**. If it is necessary to reduce the saturation of the directional light shadows, it is recommended to do it by increasing the ambient light instead of adjusting this value.  |
```
